>> "TRUE JACKSON, VP"
WAS FILMED IN FRONT
OF A LIVE STUDIO AUDIENCE.
>> RYAN, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> JUST A LITTLE
TARGET PRACTICE.
>> ARE YOU CRAZY?
YOU COULD HURT SOMEBODY.
>> YOU SHOULD'VE SEEN
HIS FIRST IDEA.
HE WANTED ME TO PUT
AN APPLE ON MY HEAD.
>> LADIES, IT'S A SQUISHY BALL.
NO ONE EVER GOT HURT
BY AN INNOCENT
LITTLE SQUISHY BALL.
>> AAH! CLEAN THAT UP.
>> SEE? NO ONE GOT HURT.
>> HI, GUYS.
ISN'T IT A LOVELY--
>> I'M SORRY TO ANNOUNCE
THAT ELLA FROM ACCOUNTING
WILL BE IN THE HOSPITAL
FOR AT LEAST TEN DAYS.
>> TEN DAYS?
I THOUGHT IT WAS JUST
A SPRAINED ANKLE.
>> IT WAS, BUT THE PARAMEDICS
ACCIDENTALLY DROPPED
THE STRETCHER,
WHICH ROLLED DOWN 52nd STREET
AND HIT A HOTDOG STAND,
WHICH IN TURN TIPPED OVER
AND SPILLED
FLAMING HOT SAUERKRAUT JUICE
ALL OVER HER.
>> HOW OFTEN DOES THAT HAPPEN?
>> APPARENTLY QUITE A BIT.
POOR THING'S IN TERRIBLE PAIN.
>> THIS IS A TRAGEDY.
>> REALLY? YOU LIKE ELLA?
>> WHO'S ELLA?
I WAS TALKING ABOUT MY MANICURE.
I JUST GOT THIS DONE YESTERDAY
AND IT'S RUINED.
OH WAIT,
IT'S JUST A PIECE OF MUFFIN.
>> YES YES, THAT'S BETTER.
>> WE SHOULD PROBABLY GET ELLA
A CARD OR SOMETHING.
>> OH, WE'RE DOING
BETTER THAN THAT.
I'VE PERSONALLY ASKED OSCAR
TO GET ONE OF THOSE GIANT
"GET WELL SOON" COOKIES.
KOPELMAN, PUT THAT DOWN.
YOU'RE THINKING ABOUT TAKING
ANOTHER BITE,
AREN'T YOU? OUT!
>> PERSONNEL IS TRYING
TO FIND A REPLACEMENT FOR ELLA,
BUT IT HASN'T BEEN EASY.
>> WHAT ABOUT LULU?
SHE'S A WIZ WITH NUMBERS.
>> DO YOU THINK
SHE'D BE WILLING?
>> ARE YOU KIDDING?
SHE'D LOVE IT.
SHE CRIED ON THE LAST DAY
ON MATH CAMP.
>> PERFECT.
I'LL HAVE PERSONNEL
SEND A TEMPORARY
ASSISTANT FOR YOU
WHILE LULU IS IN ACCOUNTING.
AHEM.
>> YES, AMANDA?
>> I WAS WONDERING
IF WE MIGHT BE READY
FOR MY PRESENTATION.
>> YES, OF COURSE,
THE RAINCOATS.
>> AHH, NOT JUST RAINCOATS.
WHEN WE THINK RAINCOATS,
WE USUALHINK OF TWO WORDS:
UGLY AND PLASTIC.
BUT TODAY I PRESENT
TWO NEW WORDS...
FASHIONABLE AND FANTASTIC.
>> THOSE AREN'T NEW WORDS.
FANTASHIONABLE.
NOW THAT'S A NEW WORD.
>> OH, I LIKE IT.
>> ME, TOO.
>> THINK OF ANOTHER ONE.
>> FASHTABULOUS.
>> AH, SHE SHOOTS, SHE SCORES!
>> PEOPLE, PLEASE.
BEHOLD, MAD STYLE'S
NEW SIGNATURE RAINCOAT.
>> I LOVE IT.
THAT FABRIC IS BEAUTIFUL.
>> AND IT'S COMPLETELY
WATERPROOF?
>> OH, COMPLETELY.
I MEAN, YOU COULD WEAR THIS
IN THE MOST TORRENTIAL DOWNPOUR
AND FEEL AS COZY AS A CAT.
AAH. AND...I'M SOAKED.
>> I THOUGHT IT WAS WATERPROOF.
>> APPARENTLY NOT.
AND NEITHER IS THE SATIN DRESS
I'M WEARING UNDERNEATH IT.
>> AMANDA, THESE RAINCOATS
ARE DUE TO BE SHIPPED
IN A COUPLE OF DAYS.
I'M SURE YOU TWO
WILL COME UP WITH SOMETHING.
>> THE TWO OF US.
>> NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I'M GETTING PHOTOGRAPHED
THIS AFTERNOON FOR THE COVER
OF  EVERYMAN MAGAZINE.
>> WHAT'S THAT?
>> IT'S A MONTHLY AIMED
AT THE COMMON MAN.
LIKE ME.
>> NO OFFENSE, MR. MADIGAN,
BUT AREN'T YOU
LIKE A GAZILLIONAIRE?
>> OH HEAVEN'S, NO.
I'M A MULTI-GAZILLIONAIRE, CIAO.
>> HEY, LULU,
I HOPE IT'S COOL,
BUT I VOLUNTEERED YOU
TO FILL IN FOR ELLA
IN ACCOUNTING FOR A WEEK.
>> UH-OH, I DON'T KNOW,
I'M NOT REALLY GOOD
AT TAP DANCING.
>> NOT THAT, HER ACCOUNTING JOB.
>> SWEET, I LOVE NUMBERS.
>> TRUE, YOUR NEW TEMP IS HERE.
>> WOW, THAT WAS FAST.
MR. JAMESON?
>> TRUE JACKSON?
>> YOU KNOW EACH OTHER?
>> OF COURSE, WE KNOW
EACH OTHER.
>> THIS IS GREAT.
MY NEW ASSISTANT
IS MY SCIENCE TEACHER.
♪ FROM MY HEAD TO MY TOES ♪
♪ IT'S ALL REAL AND YOU KNOW ♪
♪ FRESH AND COOL ♪
♪ IT'S JUST WHAT I DO ♪
♪ T-R-U-E-J-A-C-K-S-O-N-V-P ♪
♪ WORKING AT A GROWNUP JOB ♪
♪ I NEVER REALLY KNEW ♪
♪ I COULD WORK THIS HARD ♪
♪ JUST USED TO SIT AT HOME ♪
♪ AND WATCH TV ♪
♪ NOW I'M IN AN OFFICE ♪
♪ AS THE NEW V.P. ♪
♪ I'M ALWAYS SETTING TRENDS ♪
♪ WITH MY TWO BEST FRIENDS ♪
♪ WHEN THINGS GET OUT OF HAND ♪
♪ WE HAVE A PLAN ♪
♪ WE'RE JUST MESSIN' AROUND ♪
♪ AND WE'RE MAKIN' NEW GROUND ♪
♪ FOR THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD ♪
♪ TO SEE ♪
♪ IF YOU SEE USN TOWN ♪
♪ YOU KNOW IT'S GOIN' DOWN ♪
♪ CAUSE I'M THE NEW VP ♪
>> WOW, YOUR OFFICE IS HUGE.
I'VE BEEN A TEACHER
FOR 10 YEARS
AND MY OFFICE IS THE SIZE
OF A BROOM CLOSET.
>> I'M SURE
IT'S BIGGER THAN THAT.
>> YEAH,
MAYBE IT JUST LOOKS SMALL
WITH ALL THOSE BROOMS IN IT.@
>> SO, WHY ARE YOU TEMPING,
MR. JAMESON?
>> OH, I LIKE TO KEEP BUSY
WHEN SCHOOL'S NOT IN SESSION.
YOU KNOW,
IT KEEPS THE MIND AGILE,
KEEPS ME FOCUSED,
HEY, WHAT IS THAT?
>> IT'S A LAMP.
>> TRUE,
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE THIS LAMP
TO BE SEVEN HUNDRED TIMES
BRIGHTER?
>> WHO WOULDN'T?
>> YEAH.
>> WELL, I'M REALLY EXCITED
TO HAVE YOU BE MY ASSISTANT.
THIS SHOULDN'T
BE AWKWARD AT ALL.
>> CAN I HELP YOU?
WHICH FLAVOR
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR?
>> OH, NO FLAVOR.
I JUST LIKE THE WAY
IT FEELS ON MY KNUCKLES.
>> RYAN,
YOU ARE NEVER GONNA BELIEVE
WHO IS IN MY OFFICE.
IF I GAVE YOU
A THOUSAND GUESSES--
>> MR. JAMESON?
>> YES.
HOW'D YOU KNOW?
>> YOUR DOOR'S OPEN
AND I CAN SEE HIM IN THERE,
EXAMINING YOUR LAMP.
WHAT'S HE DOING HERE ANYWAY?
>> HE'S MY NEW ASSISTANT.
>> WHOA, SO BASICALLY
YOU'RE THE BOSS OF THE GUY
WHO'S THE BOSS OF YOU
THE REST OF THE TIME?
>> HOW AM I GOING TO ASK HIM
TO DO STUFF FOR ME?
>> YOU DON'T ASK HIM
TO DO STUFF,
YOU TELL HIM AND HE HAS TO DO
WHATEVER YOU SAY.
HAVE HIM CARRY YOU
ON HIS SHOULDERS
AND I'LL GET ON OSCAR'S
AND WE CAN HAVE A CHICKEN FIGHT.
>> YOU COME NEAR ME
AND I'M CALLING SECURITY.
>> DON'T WORRY TRUE,
I CAN FIX THAT.
>> FIX WHAT?
>> THAT.
>> HEY, NORA,
DO WE GET A BREAK DOWN HERE?
>> OH, NOT UNTIL YOU FINISH
THAT GIANT STACK OF WORK
NEXT TO YOU.
>> OH, THAT'S MY DONE PILE.
>> REALLY?
YOU DID ALL THAT WORK ALREADY?
>> AND SOME OF CRAIG'S.
AND I ALSO GOT A LITTLE BORED,
SO I ALSO BALANCED
YOUR CHECKBOOK.
YOU SPEND A LOT OF MONEY
ON CAT FOOD.
>> MR. MADIGAN?
>> ONE SECOND,
TRUE, I'M JUST CHANGING
INTO SOME CASUAL DUDS
FOR MY  EVERYMAN MAGAZINE SHOOT.
>> THOSE ARE CASUAL DUDS?
>> YOU DON'T THINK
I LOOK TOO CASUAL,
DO YOU? LIKE A HOBO?
I'M NOT WEARING SOCKS.
>> YOU'RE NOT GONNA BELIEVE
WHO MY NEW ASSISTANT IS.
MY SCIENCE TEACHER.
>> OH,
THAT'S AN AMAZING COINCIDENCE.
WANNA HEAR ANOTHER ONE?
YESTERDAY I FOUND OUT
THAT THE PRIVATE CHEF ON MY JET
IS THE SAME PRIVATE CHEF
I HAVE ON MY YACHT.
I SHOULD TALK ABOUT THAT
IN THE ARTICLE.
>> ARE YOU SURE
THIS IS THE RIGHT LOOK
FOR A MAGAZINE
AIMED AT THE COMMON MAN?
I MEAN,
THIS IS A PRETTY FANCY OFFICE.
>> I GET WHAT YOU'RE DELICATELY
TRYING TO TELL ME.
>> YOU DO?
>> OF COURSE.
I SHOULD HAVE THEM DRAPED
THE PLACE IN SILK
AND BRING IN A BUNCH
OF MARBLE COLUMNS.
>> YEAH, THAT'S WHAT
I WAS GETTING AT.
>> HEY, ELLA.
I'M NOT SURE IF YOU REMEMBER ME.
>> OF COURSE I DO.
YOU'RE TRUE'S FRIEND, CARL.
>> IT'S RYAN.
LISTEN, EVERYONE AT THE OFFICE
FEELS REALLY BAD
ABOUT YOUR ACCIDENT,
SO WE WANTED YOU TO HAVE THIS
"GET WELL SOON" COOKIE.
>> IT JUST SAYS "OON."
>> YEAH, I GOT A LITTLE HUNGRY
ON THE BUS.
LISTEN, PART OF ME FEELS LIKE
THIS IS MY FAULT.
>> IT IS.
>> BUT ANOTHER POF ME
DOESN'T WANNA GET
INTO ANY SORT OF TROUBLE.
SO YOU'RE NOT GONNA
TELL ANYBODY, RIGHT?
>> IT WILL BE OUR SECRET.
>> UH-OH AWESOME, THANKS.
IS THERE ANYTHING
I CAN DO FOR YOU?
ANYTHING AT ALL.
>> OH, WOULD YOU MIND
GOING TO MY APARTMENT
AND FEEDING MY FISH?
>> WHERE DO YOU LIVE?
>> BROOKLYN.
>> PASS.
HEY, IS THAT APPLE SAUCE?
I'LL TASTE THAT.
OH, MIND IF I CHANGE
YOUR CHANNEL AND SEE
WHAT GAME IS ON?
>> COCK-A-DOODLE-DO,
IT'S A DEEP DRIVE
TO LEFT FIELD...
>> MR. JAMESON?
>> ONE SECOND, TRUE.
THAT'S ODD.
THE SOLVENT IS HAVING A REACTION
TO THE BASE COMPOUND.
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> OH, I'M MAKING SOME
JAMESON 50UPER ADHESIVE
TO SEAL THOSE ENVELOPES
YOU GAVE ME EARLIER.
>> WHY DON'T YOU JUST
USE THE GLUE
ON THE BACK OF THE ENVELOPE?
>> THE JAMESON 5000 WILL BE
SEVEN HUNDRED TIMES STRONGER.
>> WON'T THAT MAKE IT
HARDER TO OPEN?
>> YES,
SEVEN HUNDRED TIMES HARDER.
>> MR. JAMESON,
I'D HATE TO INTERRUPT,
BUT DID YOU MAKE THOSE
PHONE CALLS I ASKED YOU TO?
>> NOPE.
>> THEY'RE KIND OF IMPORTANT.
I NEED YOU TO LET THE
MARKETING AND PRODUCTION
DEPARTMENTS KNOW
THAT THE RAINCOATS
WON'T BE READY.
>> OH, WELL THAT DOES
SOUND IMPORTANT.
WELL, YOU CAN COUNT ON ME.
>> GREAT.
>> OKAY.
>> I BET I COULD MAKE
THAT DIAL TONE
SEVEN HUNDRED TIMES STRONGER.
>> LULU, IS TRUE IN?
>> LULU, I'M MR. JAMESON.
>> OH, WOULD YOU BELIEVE
I ALMOST NEVER
LOOK AT LULU'S FACE? TRUE STORY.
>> I SEE YOU DRINK
A LOT OF COFFEE.
>> I WOULDN'T SAY A LOT.
MAYBE TWENTY CUPS A DAY.
>> OH, LET ME INTRODUCE YOU
TO THE JAMESON 5000
HOTTY HOT MUG.
IT'S MADE FROM HIGH-PURITY
AMORPHOUS SILICA FIBERS
THAT I COATED
WITH A TWO-COMPONENT ALLOY
TO KEEP THE THERMAL EXPANSION
ACCEPTABLY LOW.
>> JUST AS I SUSPECTED.
>> YEAH, IT'S WHAT THEY MAKE
THE SPACE SHUTTLE OUT OF.
ALTHOUGH I MISCALCULATED
SLIGHTLY ON THE COST.
THE HANDLE ALONE COSTS
FOURTEEN HUNDRED SMACKERS.
YOU'RE PECULIAR, AREN'T YOU?
>> SAY, TRUE, HAVE YOU THOUGHT
OF ANY SOLUTIONS
FOR OUR LITTLE RAINCOAT FIASCO?
NOT REALLY, HOW ABOUT YOU?
>> NOTHING.
THE BEST I COULD COME UP
WITH WAS PAIRING THE COATS
WE HAVE WITH MATCHING UMBRELLAS.
>> THAT'S A GREAT IDEA.
>> IT IS? I MEAN, YES,
I THINK SO.
>> THE PIPING ON THE COATS
IS TWEED.
IF WE MADE THE UMBRELLAS
IN THE SAME PATTERN,
WE COULD SELL THEM AS A PAIR.
"WHAT THE WELL-DRESSED EXEC
IS WEARING
WHEN IT LOOKS LIKE RAIN."
>> I LIKE IT.
I MEAN, WHY WOULDN'T I?
IT'S MY IDEA.
>> I'LL TELL MY ASSISTANT
TO GET MARKETING ON THE PHONE.
>> OH YES,
LET'S SEE HOW THE MAD PROFESSOR
HANDLES THAT CHALLENGE.
>> HE'S NOT THAT BAD.
>> EXTRAORDINARY!
>> MAYBE HE IS
GOSH, I WISH LULU WAS HERE.
AT LEAST SHE'S HAVING FUN
WITH HER NEW JOB.
>> TRUE, IT'S ME LULU, AGAIN.
CALLING FROM THE MOST
BORING PLACE ON PLANET DULL.
CALL ME BACK, I'M BORED.
>> OH, NOT YOU GUYS.
YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST.
>> WELL, IF YOU'RE REALLY
THAT BORED,
MAYBE YOU'D LIKE TO TAKE
A CRACK AT THE WALL.
>> WHAT'S THE WALL?
>> SHE CAN'T DO IT, NORA.
SHE'S JUST A KID.
>> WHAT'S THE WALL?
>> CHECK IT OUT...
>> THE WALL.
>> THAT'S IT? A MATH PROBLEM?
>> NOT JUST ANY MATH PROBLEM.
THIS IS FULCRUM'S CONUNDRUM.
>> FULCRUM'S CONUNDRUM.
>> I JUST SAID THAT, CRAIG.
>> OKAY, LET ME GIVE IT A SHOT.
>> NOPE, IT'S TOO HARD.
MAYBE I'LL PLAY
A LITTLE SOLITAIRE.
>> SUIT YOURSELF.
>> CRAIG?
>> SORRY.
>> HEY, OSCAR,
HAVE YOU SEEN MY ASSISTANT?
>> YES, I BELIEVE HE'S--
>> RIGHT HERE, TRUE.
>> MR. JAMESON, DID YOU SET UP
THOSE MEETINGS I ASKED YOU TO?
>> NOPE.
>> WELL, DID YOU LET
MARKETING KNOW I NEED
TO TALK TO THEM
ABOUT THE RAINCOAT CAMPAIGN?
>> NOPE.
>> I DON'T WANT TO BE RUDE,
BUT I NEED YOU
TO DO THOSE THINGS A.S.A.P.
>> I'M ON IT.
>> THANKS.
>> RIGHT AFTER I'M DONE
FIXING THE ELEVATOR.
PERFECT.
>> I HAVE TO FIRE MY TEACHER.
>> SEE IF YOU CAN GET
MY SHOE BACK FIRST.
HE'S PUTTING A GPS IN IT.
>> HAVE YOU TRACKED DOWN
THE MATERIAL FOR THE UMBRELLAS?
>> NO.
>> WHY NOT?
>> I'VE HAD A FEW ISSUES TODAY
WITH MY SUPPORT STAFF.
>> YOU MEAN THE LUNK
OUTSIDE YOUR OFFICE?
>> HE GAVE ME A MUG
THAT KEEPS COFFEE
SLIGHTLY HOTTER THAN THE SUN.
I FILLED IT OVER AN HOUR AGO
AND I STILL CAN'T GET IT
ANYWHERE NEAR MY FACE
WITHOUT SINGEING MY EYEBROWS.
I HAVE TO FIRE HIM.
>> THAT'S ROUGH.
>> I KNOW.
>> TAKE SOME PICTURES
WHEN HE STARTS TO CRY.
I NEED A NEW SCREENSAVER.
>> UH-HUH.
SO THAT'S WHY
THE ATOMIC SYMBOL FOR GOLD
IS AU AND NOT G.
DOES THAT ANSWER YOUR QUESTION?
>> NOT EVEN REMOTELY.
I ASKED WHERE YOU GOT
YOUR WATCH.
>> MR. JAMESON?
>> OH, OH.
HI TRUE, YEAH I'M
JUST ABOUT TO GET A JUMP
ON THOSE ERRANDS YOU GAVE ME.
>> RIGHT, WELL, ABOUT THAT,
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT SOMETHING.
IT'S SORT OF BIG.
>> OKAY.
I HAVE SOMETHING BIG
TO TELL YOU TOO.
>> YOU WANT TO QUIT?
>> NO, NO, NO,
JUST THE OPPOSITE.
I'M HAVING THE TIME
OF MY LIFE HERE.
AND YOU, YOU'VE ALWAYS
BEEN A GREAT STUDENT,
BUT IT HAS BEEN AWE-INSPIRING
TO SEE WHAT A GREAT BOSS
YOU ARE TOO.
NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT TO SAY?
>> I WAS WONDERING
IF THERE IS ANY WAY
YOU CAN MAKE MY OFFICE
FRIDGE COLDER>
>> HOW ABOUT
SEVEN HUNDRED TIMES COLDER?
>> THAT DOESN'T SEEM LIKE
IT'S GOING TO BE COLDER.
>> DEEP DRIVE TO LEFT FIELD.
CARPENTER LOOKS UP AT THE WALL
AND IT IS GONE.
BRUCE ROBINSON HAS TAKEN
BEN -- DEEP--
>> OH MAN, THAT IS GROSS.
>> YEAH, WE NEED
MORE APPLE SAUCE IN HERE, STAT.
>> WELL, IF YOU WOULDN'T MIND,
I'M FEELING A LITTLE BIT SLEEPY.
>> OH, OF COURSE, OF COURSE.
REST IS IMPORTANT.
I BET YOU'LL WAKE UP
FEELING BETTER THAN EVER.
I'LL JUST TURN THIS LIGHT OFF.
[SCREAMS]
>> OKAY, BYE.
>> MR. MADIGAN,
I--WHOA IT'S WHITE IN HERE.
>> HOW'S IT GOING, TRUE?
>> I THINK AMANDA AND I
HAVE CUP WITH A SOLUTION
TO THE RAINCOAT PROBLEM.
>> GREAT.
>> BUT THAT'S NOT WHY I CAME IN.
I'M HAVING A LITTLE PROBLEM
WITH MY TEMP.
>> I DON'T THINK I COULD HANDLE
ANOTHER PROBLEM RIGHT NOW, TRUE.
>> WHY, WHAT'S WRONG?
>> THE WHITE TIGER
I ORDERED FOR THE PHOTO SHOOT
HASN'T ARRIVED.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO LOOK
LIKE "JOE LUNCH PAIL"
WITHOUT A RARE ALBINO TIGER
AT MY FEET?
>> I'M SURE YOU MAKE DO.
>> THAT'S THE SPIRIT.
BUT I DO WONDER
WHERE THAT TIGER ENDED UP.
>> LULU, THERE YOU ARE.
HOW COME YOU
HAVEN'T BEEN ANSWERING
YOUR PHONE?
>> IF I CARRY THE FOUR,
I STILL NEED
A NEGATIVE INTEGER...
>> LULU, I NEED YOUR HELP.
>> NEGATIVE SEVEN OVER X.
NO, THAT DOESN'T
EVEN MAKE SENSE.
>> THAT'S THE PRETTIEST PONY
I'VE EVER SEEN?
>> WHERE?
OH, HI TRUE.
>> LULU,
I HAVE TO FIRE MR. JAMESON,
BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW TO DO IT.
>> REMEMBER THE TIME
YOU FIRED ME?
THAT DIDN'T SEEM SO HARD.
>> YOU'VE GOT TO LET THAT GO.
>> SORRY, JUST COMPLIMENT HIM
ON ALL THE STUFF
HE'S GOOD AT FIRST,
AND THEN LET HIM DOWN EASY.
>> FOCUS ON THE POSITIVE.
>> RIGHT,
LIKE THE POSITIVE INTEGERS
IN FULCRUM'S CONUNDRUM.
>> I CAN'T UNDERSTAND
THAT THING AT ALL.
IT LOOKS UPSIDE DOWN TO ME.
>> WAIT A MINUTE.
>> SIXTEEN.
THE ANSWER IS SIXTEEN.
>> SHE IS RIGHT,
X EQUALS SIXTEEN.
>> FULCRUM'S CONUNDRUM
WAS THAT HE NAILED
THE BOARD UPSIDE DOWN.
HE HAD ONE NAIL
AND HE NAILED IT IN THE MIDDLE.
>> IN THE MIDDLE.
>> CRAIG, ENOUGH.
>> MR. JAMESON,
CAN I TALK TO YOU REAL FIRST?
>> I WOULD IMAGINE SO.
THE HUMAN MOUTH IS CAPABLE
OF MOVING AT A VELOCITY
OF NEARLY--
>> MR. JAMESON.
LOOK, YOU'RE AN INCREDIBLE
TEACHER AND SUCH
A GREAT INVENTOR.
>> I WISH THAT WERE TRUE.
BUT MY LATEST EXPERIMENT
IS A DISMAL FAILURE.
TAKE A LOOK AT MY SWEATER.
IT'S GREEN, RIGHT?
>> YEAH.
>> YEAH,
IT'S SUPPOSED TO TURN BLUE,
BUT THE WATER JUST BEADS UP
AND ROLLS RIGHT OFF.
THE JAMESON 5000 COLOR SWITCH
IS A DISASTER.
>> MR. JAMESON, LISTEN,
SOMETIMES A JOB
JUST ISN'T RIGHT FOR SOMEBODY.
AND I'M AFRAID
TO TELL YOU THAT--WAIT.
>> WHAT?
>> OSCAR, CALL A CODE YELLOW
IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM.
COME WITH ME.
>> WELL ACTUALLY,
I'M KIND OF IN THE MIDDLE
OF SOME-OH BOY.
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
IN KEEPING
WITH THE ZARGHAMI PRINCIPLE,
WHEN THE LIQUIDS ARE HEATED
TO A LEVEL
GREATER THAN 28 KELVIN,
WE FIND THE BASE COMPOUND
DULY AFFECTED.
>> BAM, WHAT HE SAID?
>> SPEAKING OF WHICH,
WHAT DID HE SAY?
AND WHY I AM HERE?
>> WHAT WOULD YOU SAY
IF I TOLD YOU
THAT MR. JAMESON HAS A SOLUTION
THAT COULD MAKE
ANY FABRIC WATERPROOF?
>> HUH, NOW THAT
I'D LIKE TO SEE.
[SCREAMS]
>> THAT'S AMAZING.
LOOK AT HER, DRY AS A BONE
>> YEAH, IF I MAY MAX,
I'M... WHAT'S THE WORD?
DRENCHED.
>> WELL, OF COURSE.
YOUR GARMENT
HASN'T BEEN TREATED.
BUT TRUE'S HERE HAS.
>> I CAN'T FEEL A THING.
>> I'M SORRY,
WHY EXACTLY WAS IT NECESSARY
TO THROW WATER ON ME?
>> QUIET, AMANDA.
YOU CAN'T ARGUE WITH SCIENCE.
>> AND THERE YOU HAVE IT.
WE CAN HAVE THE RAINCOATS
SPRAYED WITH
MR. JAMESOINVENTION.
>> THE JAMESON 5000
WATERPROOFER.
>> AND WE CAN SHIP THEM
ON MONDAY, ON SCHEDULE.
>> BUT I THOUGHT
YOU CALLED ALL OUR DISTRIBUTERS
AND PUSHED BACK
THE DELIVERY DATE.
>> LUCKY FOR US,
MR. JAMESON IS A GREAT INVENTOR
BUT A TERRIBLE ASSISTANT,
AND HE DIDN'T CALL ANYBODY.
RIGHT?
>> TRUTH BE TOLD,
I FORGOT UNTIL JUST THIS MOMENT.
>> GREAT WORK, MR. JAMESON.
BY THE WAY, YOU'RE FIRED.
>> YOU SAID WHAT NOW?
>> AND YOU'RE HIRED.
AS A CONSULTANT
TO OUR PRODUCTION STAFF.
>> OH, IS THAT A FULL-TIME JOB?
>> IT IS.
>> THEN I'LL HAVE TO PASS.
TEACHING IS MY LIFE.
IT'S A RESPONSIBILITY.JOB,
BUT THANK YOU.
>> AT LEAST, LET ME PAY YOU
FOR THE JAMESON 5000
WATERPROOFER.
HERE'S A MILLION DOLLARS.
>> OH, THANKS.
AND HERE, I WANT YOU
TO HAVE THIS HOTTY HOT MUG
FILLED WITH DELICIOUS
FLAVORED COFFEE.
>> I WILL SEE YOU IN CLASS,
TRUE.
>> BYE, MR. JAMESON.
I'M SO GLAD
HE DIDN'T TAKE THE JOB HERE.
I'D BE SAD IF HE WASN'T
MY SCIENCE TEACHER.
>> I UNDERSTAND.
HE SEEMS LIKE
A PRETTY SPECIAL GUY.
AAAAAH, AAAAAH, AAAAAH.
WELL, WHAT DO YOU THINK?
THE ARTICLE DOESN'T MAKE ME
SEEM TOO ORDINARY, DOES IT?
>> ORDINARY?
>> HOW SO, MAX?
>> THERE'S THAT PICTURE OF ME
DRIVING MY BEAT-UP OLD CAR.
>> IT'S A SOLID GOLD
CONVERTIBLE.
>> WITH A STEERING WHEEL CUT
FROM A SINGLE DIAMOND.
I'M NOT SURE
OF THE POINT YOU'RE MAKING.
>> LOTS OF PEOPLE
DON'T EVEN OWN CARS.
LIKE ME, FOR EXAMPLE.
>> DON'T OWN A CAR?
WELL GOODNESS, TAKE MINE.
>> HOW WILL YOU GET TO WORK?
>> I'LL TAKE THE BUS.
>> OH, IT SAYS HERE HE ALSO OWNS
A SOLID GOLD BUS.
>> LULU, I'M SO GLAD
YOU'RE BACK.
>> OH, IT'S GOOD TO BE BACK.
IT SORT OF SMELLS
LIKE CATS DOWN THERE.
>> RYAN, WHAT DO YOU HAVE?
>> IT'S THE RYAN
5000 BALL WHIPPER.
>> IT LOOKS LIKE
YOUR OLD SLINGSHOT
WITH A LIGHT ON IT.
>> PERHAPS.
>> I THOUGHT
YOU WEREN'T SUPPOSED TO USE THAT
IN THE OFFICE ANYMORE.
SOMEBODY COULD GET HURT.
>> SLINGSHOTS ARE
LIKE LIGHTNING.
NOBODY EVER GETS HURT TWICE.
>> HI GUYS, I'M BACK.
>> WE'RE GOING TO NEED
ANOTHER ONE
OF THOSE BIG COOKIES.
>> THERE SHE IS,
THE CLUMSIEST ACCOUNTANT
IN TOWN.
[LAUGHS]
I'M JUST KIDDING.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
>> WELL, I'M A BIT DROWSY
I WAS IN SURGERY, YOU KNOW.
>> ANYWAY, I FELT TERRIBLE,
SO I WANTED YOU TO HAVE
A COOKIE ANL SOME FLOWERS.
>> WHERE ARE THEY?
>> I ATE THEM.
>> THE FLOWERS TOO?
>> IT WAS A LONG BUS RIDE.
OH, YOU'RE NEVER
GOING TO BELIEVE
WHAT HAPPENED AT WORK.
OUR SCIENCE TEACHER
INVENTED A SPRAY
THAT CAN WATERPROOF ANYTHING.
YOU WANT TO SEE?
>> NOT PARTICULARLY.
>> IT'S PRETTY AMAZING.
HOWEVER COOL
YOU THINK IT'S GONNA BE,
DOUBLE IT.
DID YOU DOUBLE IT?
>> YES.
AAH. IT SOAKED
RIGHT THROUGH.
>> IT'S IMP█SSIBLE.
I SPRAYED IT WITH AIR FRESHENER.
WELL, I SHOULD PROBABLY
HEAD OUT.
>> YES,
I THINK THAT WOULD BE BEST.
>> ON SECOND THOUGHT,
I THINK I'LL HANG OUT
HERE TODAY.
RYAN, RYAN LASERBEAM.
CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY
AEGIS RAPIDTEXT